omae wa mou shindeiru

IM NOT A WEABOO YOU HATERS I JUST FUCKING LIKE ANIME OK???!!!!

IM NOT PRETENDING TO BE BORN IN JAPAN I JUST FEEL LIKE JAPAN IS MY HOME BECAUSE AMERICA SUCKS

SOMEONE NEEDS TO TELL YOU GUYS ONCE AND FOR ALL ITS NOT FUNNY TO ACCUSE ME OF BEING A WEABOO OR SOMETHING BECAUSE ITS JUST FALSE!!!

IM NOT A WEABOO YOU HATERS I JUST FUCKING LIKE ANIME OK???!!!! AND IM NOT PRETENDING TO BE BORN IN JAPAN I JUST FEEL LIKE JAPAN IS MY HOME BECAUSE AMERICA SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!

IM A PROUD WEEB, and?

EHE TE NANDAYO

Anime is literally the best thing ever. All of you baka Americans who can't wrap your minds around it because you think your Hollywood films and TV shows you are just stupid and wrong and need to stop speaking. Literally nobody likes your opinions except the other baka Americans that don't understand Anime culture and the fact that Anime is truly a masterpiece of art, emotion and plot development. The characters always develop so well and so does the plot and it is just like really good. Like literally just watch it and you will understand you stupid white people. Ok, I am white but like I like anime so I'm basically Japanese at this point. Anyways, back to the subject, have you ever heard of the best anime ever, Redo of Healer...

i got this new anime plot. basically there’s this high school girl except she’s got huge boobs. i mean some serious honkers. a real set of badonkers. packin some dobonhonkeros. massive dohoonkabhankoloos. big ol’ tonhongerekoogers. what happens next?! transfer student shows up with even bigger bonkhonagahoogs. humongous hungolomghononoloughongous

Ararararararararararararara

s-s-sorrry

im so nevwous

Kon'nichiwa amo-san!!!

Koneecheewa amo-san!!!

My fam just doesn't get it, I'm destined to become a samurai

I really want a katana of my own

konishewa amo-san!!

does anyone want to play legend of leagues??

that was too painful to read desu ka~ UwU

Post your twitter right now.

I really dont get people getting mad about oversexualization when toes are so normalized

Thats actually really Kawaii

Hehehe dont say that baka

BAKA

NANIII???

nani the heck?

I'm craving ramen so bad.

catgirls????? say less 

so you're telling me my waifu is not infact 3,000 years old?

my mental health day consists of watching anime!

I think I made a mistake, I spent my rent on anime figurines... I guess I eat ramen everyday anyway. 

I feel like I am mentaly stronger than most becuase I have no freinds.

Close freinds actually make me weaker, thats why my mind makes OCs that actually take of me.

I wonder whats taking my dad so long.

Visual novels are the only thing keeping me going

If only amo knew japanese

Does anyone want to pracice japanese with me?

I took my meds.... on no.... where did she go??

I found out I have a step sister, this changes everything bros

Bakka bakka

heeh you are such a baka!>~<

>w<

(O___O)......

(@ -w-) heh I cant stop watching anime

Nyyyyaa~!

filthy westerners smh

My freinds found out my online gf was my alt... any new freindgroups I can join?

my dog uncle just passed away, reminds me of that one anime. 

my granddad passed in his sleep... reminds me of that one anime.

amo is so cute!

AMO IS SOOOO KAWAII

amowrath will reach her goal in notime if she keeps streaming pirated none-piece episodes!!

You uncultured swine. Do you even watch real anime?

Anata should watch None Piece >.< Watch the first episode, anata will get hooked desu yo! 

Anata should watch Awifuweta: fwom commonplace to worlds stwongest, its sugoi desu Sumimasen!

mom opened my waifu folder, now she is taking away my computer privileges... im so MAD

Man, samurai are so cool

Historically speaking, japan is actually like one of the best countries to ever exsist.

have you guys seen JAPAN, PLACE before?????? its absolutley breathtaking

Watashi am very tired desu! Watashi am going to sleep >.< Have a konbanwa!!

Konnichiwa! Do you watch anime desu ka? Not sugoi desu! Watashi am learning japanese through all the anime watashi watches desu

Hop on legend of leagues.

Shin impact is really cool

Haters dont understand Shin impact, I buy the skins for the lore, and becuase I genuinely love them. Is that really wrong??? 

anime is sooooo good

its weird that people think fanservice is not real artistic expression

I sometimes send hentai to freinds cuz its a little funny

My Mom's fool of a boyfreind believes he can beat me at mind games, my will is stronger than he thinks. But for now I'll play along.

Fanservice is so romantic and I hate that normies dont realize it 

when was the last time you watched anime????

I dyed my hair blue, now my dad stoped talking to me

hi, I need a girlfreind, who is also into the same animes as me.

does anyone want to be my sugardaddy? I like anime.

I talked to the asian girl in my class and she doesnt know any animes??? what do i do?

my waifu is best waifu

I miss my waifu so much, life is meaningless in the time I wait for the next chapter of my faviorite manga

"I'm drawing some 'Dragon Paladin' fan art, anyone want to join in?

What's up with the inconsistent animation quality in 'Tech Titans' though?
NEW

Japan bros....

My spiritual home in the east beckons for me... I'm going to find a wife there

Wait it isn't just japanese ppl

japan did nothing wrong

Been buying my sis naumi cosplay from Dragon Paladin cosplay... won't wear it doe

Dimension Door is more westoid slop;... can't finish smh

I don't think they're even asian

I only like refined anime

Miazaki didn't sign my adoption papers