wow, this server sucks

What did you just fucking say about me, I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I'm the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this Earth, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the Internet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across the USA and your IP is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. The storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life. You're fucking dead, kid. I can be anywhere, anytime, and I can kill you in over seven hundred ways, and that's just with my bare hands. Not only am I extensively trained in unarmed combat, but I have access to the entire arsenal of the United States Marine Corps and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent, you little shit. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, maybe you would have held your fucking tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price, you goddamn idiot. I will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it. You're fucking dead, kiddo.

you're all weak manlets

honestly, i am a chad

yeah, I can lift 230 lbs, babe

Guys, I just Watched A little dark age edit... I really need to go to church.

Honestly USA goes so hard with Little dark age.

Has anyone heard the song little dark age?

Based

Cringe

I started a bush fire and it's still going, I think im gonna get in a lot of trouble

based and redpilled

We need more war.

rogger that soldier

Thats it, im going comando.

yeeeah, I have a gun btw.

My body is a registered weapon. And if you push me to the point of having to deploy it....I cant be held responsible for whatever happens after

amowrath is still doin the subgoal thing? anyway I have a gun.

thinking about constripting to the military, honestly dont think it would be fair for the other side.

How much Black Powder can I buy on Amazin?

guys, why is the police outside my house

I want to see you try and take me down, you dont think I havent prepared everyday of my life for this very moment

Did you see that new World War movie? Let's discuss the realism (or lack thereof)

I just got an awsome sniper shot in game

My mom's Shrink insists that I am a danger to society, he just doesnt get it.

Wait ill link a little dark age edit meme I saw earlier today

Veteran here. If anyone needs advice about joining the military, feel free to ask

Attention all! Drop and give me 20 push-ups for not using proper military lingo!

so what? I still have a gun

my 3d printer finally got here, you're gonna be so sorry once I get it running.

war sim night got intense! My whole squad was wiped after 3 hours of foraging and crossing a mountain forest trail

Mom and Dad are arguing again, anyone wants to talk about tanks?