owo

heeeey

anyone want to rp

hi hi hi hi <3

hi :3

@3@ amo is co cool! even for a nonfur!

hewwo there *nuzzles*

Amo is the cutest lil bunny :3 

There is no way loco said that. Grrr... I hate that guuy 

Grrrr... my HATRED for loco nos no bounds OwO....

Hi guys, my friend fluffypaws_88 invited me here, glad to join such a wholesome community :3. 

Mom hid my new diapers

Um.. hi! any 'mon petit pony' fans here? There's gotta be at least onee hahah

Just cleaned out my fur-suit... and wow... just wow... 

dont talk to me if you are a nonfur >:3

Can't get the stains out of my fursuit

I don't know how many times I have to say this, but please, please! DO NOT make art of my OC with out my permission!!!

Listne... UwU.. i amb a VeRy.. smol pup :3

*Notices Amowrath is online* OwO wats dis??

I'm a proud fur-mom to the cutest Shiba Inu! Just so heckin' wholesome!!

my favorite breed is golden retreivers... just so *heckin* wholesome!!

my favorite ponpon has to be Raridoodle. The way she holds herself...huff...

Just finished knitting a sweater for my Corgi, Lil' Pudding. He looks so boopin' adorable!!

I have to confess, I absolutely adore Maine Coons... they're like, the aristo-cats of the cat world, Meow!

I love it when kids dont cry and run away from me at furcons! :3

Freshly laundered fur-suit smells like... well, let's just say it's an experience... XD

Just finished brushing my tail... the amount of fluff is unreal. o.o

Remember the episode of 'Crystal Flyers' when DazzleWing and StormBeak learn about unity despite being from different flocks? Gosh, I love that episode... makes me ship DazzleBeak.

I love saying Floof >w<

the BEST episode of my little ponpon has to be when evening glitter was taught a lesson by applepie. Even though evening glitter is much smarter and more accomplished, she still manages to learn an important lesson about friendship from the humble apple farmer that is apple pie. Apple pie is offended at first, but then realizes that they come from different upbringings. Anyway, that's why i ship evening and applepie OwO.

crinklerchads mogging bathroomcels

My fur-suit just went through its monthly deep clean...you'd be surprised at the stuff I found o.o

I'm just a lil' kitten in a big, big world. :3

Oh-em-gee, saw PupStar_77's new OC... Kawaii to the max! UwU

There is no way loco said that. Grrr... I hate that guuy  

nuzzles into chat * OwO Hi everyone, my friend invited me! Super excited to be part of your pack :3

so a lot of people have been asking me why my OC, sharkblade otterfur, has such a big heckin' belly. well, let me explain :3. See, sharkblade is a mix between a shark and an otter (in case you couldn't tell XD) and both of em are animales with big appetites!! duh!!



